CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Please read the following document.

- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/oss-contribution-guide

## Requirements

- [aqua](https://aquaproj.github.io/): CLI Version Manager
  - [cmdx](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/cmdx): Task Runner
- Node.js
  - [prettier](https://prettier.io/): Formatter

Install cmdx by aqua.

```sh
aqua i -l
```

After you update code, you have to run the following things.

- Build TypeScript
- Test JavaScript Action
- Format code
- Update [JSON Schema](schema) and [document](https://suzuki-shunsuke.github.io/tfaction/docs/)

## Node.js version management

This project depends on Node.js, and there are a lot of Node.js version managers.
This project supports a lot of Node.js version managers.

- [aqua](https://aquaproj.github.io/): [aqua/node.yaml](aqua/node.yaml)
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm): [.nvmrc](.nvmrc)
- [.node-version](.node-version): https://github.com/shadowspawn/node-version-usage
  - asdf, mise, fnm, nodeenv, etc
- [volta](https://volta.sh/): [package.json](package.json)

These versions must be same.

## Node.js package manager

We manage Node.js packages using npm, not [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/).

## `dist` directories aren't committed

[#1913](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/pull/1913)

We don't manage transpiled JavaScript files in the main branch and feature branches anymore.

## Test JavaScript Actions

```sh
npm t
```

## Format code

```sh
cmdx fmt
```

## Manual test

We provide some automatic tests such as unit tests, but sometimes the automatic tests aren't enough so you have to test your changes on your environment.
You have to build GitHub Actions workflows with tfaction and test your changes on the workflows.

When a pull request is created or updated, the branch `pr/<pull request number>` is also created or updated by GitHub Actions.

- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/actions/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml
- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/blob/main/.github/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml

> [!WARNING]
> These branches aren't created and updated against pull requests from fork repositories.
> Maintainers have to run [the workflow](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/actions/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml) manually.

You can test your pull request version by `pr/<pull request number>`.

For example, if you want to test the pull request [#1513](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/pull/1513),
you can update tfaction's version of your workflows to `pr/1513`.

e.g.

```yaml
- uses: suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/setup@pr/1513
```

Commit message:

Refactoring using ESLint (#3403)
* chore: configure ESLint

* refactor: fix a lint error

* ci: run eslint

* refactor: fix lint errors

* chore: add lint script and update Contribution guide

* fix: fix build errors

* refactor: refactor finally block

* docs: fix

* style: format

* ci: split steps

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Please read the following document.

- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/oss-contribution-guide

## Requirements

- [aqua](https://aquaproj.github.io/): CLI Version Manager
  - [cmdx](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/cmdx): Task Runner
- Node.js

Install cmdx by aqua.

```sh
aqua i -l
```

After you update code, you have to run the following things.

- Build TypeScript: `npm run build`
- Test TypeScript: `npm t`
- Lint TypeScript: `npx eslint`
- Format code: `npm run fmt`
- Update [JSON Schema](schema): `cmdx schema`
- [Update Document](website)

## Node.js version management

This project depends on Node.js, and there are a lot of Node.js version managers.
This project supports a lot of Node.js version managers.

- [aqua](https://aquaproj.github.io/): [aqua/node.yaml](aqua/node.yaml)
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm): [.nvmrc](.nvmrc)
- [.node-version](.node-version): https://github.com/shadowspawn/node-version-usage
  - asdf, mise, fnm, nodeenv, etc
- [volta](https://volta.sh/): [package.json](package.json)

These versions must be same.

## Node.js package manager

We manage Node.js packages using npm, not [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/).

## `dist` directories aren't committed

[#1913](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/pull/1913)

We don't manage transpiled JavaScript files in the main branch and feature branches anymore.

## Manual test

We provide some automatic tests such as unit tests, but sometimes the automatic tests aren't enough so you have to test your changes on your environment.
You have to build GitHub Actions workflows with tfaction and test your changes on the workflows.

When a pull request is created or updated, the branch `pr/<pull request number>` is also created or updated by GitHub Actions.

- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/actions/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml
- https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/blob/main/.github/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml

> [!WARNING]
> These branches aren't created and updated against pull requests from fork repositories.
> Maintainers have to run [the workflow](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/actions/workflows/create-pr-branch.yaml) manually.

You can test your pull request version by `pr/<pull request number>`.

For example, if you want to test the pull request [#3402](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction/pull/3402),
you can update tfaction's version of your workflows to `pr/3402`.

e.g.

```yaml
- uses: suzuki-shunsuke/tfaction@pr/3402
```
